{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green174\blue187;\red200\green20\blue201;\red242\green242\blue242;
\red180\green36\blue25;\red193\green101\blue28;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 mobi-aggregator_service in prod\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs34 \cf2 \cb0 \CocoaLigature0 mobi_aggregator_service\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_mapping_hash\cf3 :\cf4 \
  live.channel.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/guide/v5/lineup/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/default/live/all-channels'\cf4 \
  vod.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/guide/v5/lineup/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/default/ondemand/inventories'\cf4 \
  series.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/guide/v5/lineup/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/default/ondemand/series'\cf4 \
  program.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/guide/v5/program/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/default/program'\cf4 \
  offer.details.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/core/v5/offer/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/offers'\cf4 \
  config.manager.base.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/core/v5/config'\cf4 \
  guide.record.fetch.\cf2 length\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '100'\cf4 \
  guide.iteration.\cf2 length\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '10'\cf4 \
  connection.\cf2 timeout\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '10000'\cf4 \
  read.\cf2 timeout\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '20000'\cf4 \
  application.\cf2 name\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'Aggregator Service'\cf4 \
  cache.every.tile.\cf2 response\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'true'\cf4 \
  tile.\cf2 url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/aggregator/v5/managedlist/\{CARRIER\}/\{PRODUCT\}/\{VERSION\}/tile/\{TILE-NAME\}.json'\cf4 \
  offer.record.fetch.\cf2 length\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '100'\cf4 \
  url.local.for.\cf2 config\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'http://localhost/'\
\
cp mesqg\
in hiera/parameter/node_type/msepg.yaml\
remove:\
\cf2 tomcat\cf3 ::\cf2 service_discovery_plugin_version\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '1.0.0-201404292241.59d61ca'\
\
\
mobi_catalogue manager in prod:\
\
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 icinga\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 true\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 icinga_cmd_args\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 "-H %\{::ipaddress\} -p 8080 -u /mobi-catalogue-manager/loadbalancer/health -w 5 -c 10 -v"\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 package\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 "mobi-catalogue-manager"\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 package_ensure\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '5.10.0-201502022350.64717cd'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 social_live_program\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 social_live_channel\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 social_linear_epg\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 social_vod_url\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 redirect_url_if_app_not_found\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 wait_time_interval_in_milliseconds\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_override_path\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 "/opt/mobi-catalogue-manager/properties.d/overrides.050.puppet.properties"\
\
path for overwrite:\
\cf4 mobi-puppet/hiera-data/parameters/environment/prod_msp_smf1_mobitv/module\
\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_mapping_hash\cf3 :\cf2 mobi_catalogue_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_mapping_hash\cf3 :\cf4 \
  auth.key.\cf2 vidora\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '16ee799d73a47c1490d5e68b9783a0f4'\
\
mobi_gudie_manager prod:\
\
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 icinga\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 true\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 icinga_cmd_args\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 "-H %\{::ipaddress\} -p 8080 -u /mobi-guide-manager/monitoring/health -w 5 -c 10 -v"\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 carrier\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 false\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 mobi_guide_manager_version\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '5.10.2-201505100126.52fa9e2'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 config_file\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '/opt/mobi-guide-manager/override.d/customConfig.d/infotel-r4g-5.0-default-solr_field.csv'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 external_properties\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '/opt/mobi-guide-manager/override.d/customConfig.d/infotel-r4g-5.0-external_mcd.properties'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 mobi_guide_manager_package\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'mobi-guide-manager'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 solr_max_rows\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '100'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_mapping_hash\cf3 :\cf4  \cf6 \{\}\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 thumbnail_cache_max_age\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '604800'\cf4 \
\cf2 mobi_guide_manager\cf3 ::\cf2 thumbnail_404_max_age\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 '14400'\
\
remvoe domain specific msepg changes in func-msp.\
\
add this domain specific overwrite to vidora_bridge.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\cf2 mobi_vidora_bridge\cf3 ::\cf2 properties_mapping_hash\cf3 :\cf4 \
  sqlQueryBuilder.\cf2 environmentId\cf3 :\cf4  \cf5 'data-prod-msp%.mobitv.com'\cf4 \
\
\cf5 \'97\'97\cf4 \
}